Add AI-powered alpha features management (#3998)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/console/manage-organization/enable-alpha-features.md

- In the **Settings** tab, toggle the switch under **Status** to enable and disable the feature.
- Click **View docs** under **Documentation** to learn more about the feature.
- Admins can know when someone accepts the alpha terms and when features are enabled or disabled under the **Activity** tab in **Organization Management**.

### Enable AI-powered features

To use AI-powered alpha features, the **Terms for AI Usage** must be agreed to before the toggle will appear in the **Status** column.

> - In the **Settings** tab, click the **Opt-in to enable** link under **Status**.

Reviewer: These are chronological steps, yes? If so, can change this to a numerical list.

- A dialog will appear containing the **Terms for AI Usage**. You must read to the end of the terms before accepting.

> - To agree to the terms, select the box labeled **"I understand and agree to the Terms for AI Usage"**.

Reviewer: Are there quotes in the UI? If not, can likely remove from **I understand and agree to the Terms for AI Usage**. I realize this is a bit nit picky.

- In the **Settings** tab, toggle the switch under **Status** to enable and disable the feature.
- Click **View docs** under **Documentation** to learn more about the feature.
- Admins can know when someone accepts the alpha terms and when features are enabled or disabled under the **Activity** tab in **Organization Management**.

> 
> ### AI-powered features
> 
> To enable AI-powered alpha features, the process is a little different. You must agree to the **Terms for AI Usage** before the toggle will appear in the **Status** column.
> 
> - In the **Settings** tab, click the **Opt-in to enable** link under **Status** to enable.
> - A pop up window will appear with the **Terms for AI Usage** for you to accept.
> - Once you have read the terms and scroll through the box, you will see a tick box with the wording **"I understand and agree to the Terms for AI Usage"**.
> - Tick this box if you agree to the **AI Terms** and this will enable the toggle in the **Settings**.
> - You will need to manually toggle the Status to **Enabled** in order to turn on the AI features.

Reviewer 2: A few clean-up suggestions, but otherwise this reads well to me!: 

```suggestion

### Enable AI-powered features

To use AI-powered alpha features, the **Terms for AI Usage** must be agreed to before the toggle will appear in the **Status** column.

- In the **Settings** tab, click the **Opt-in to enable** link under **Status**.
- A dialog will appear containing the **Terms for AI Usage**. You must read to the end of the terms before accepting. 
- To agree to the terms, select the box labeled **"I understand and agree to the Terms for AI Usage"**.
- The AI-powered features toggle will now be available in **Settings**.  Set this toggle to **Enabled** to turn on AI features.
```
